>> Steve Kinney: Let's say
that I need an inline script.
I don't know why, but I have to.
It's a thing.
You have two options.
One is use this thing called a nonce,
which is a number used once, and
it's not a number.
So it's a very, much similar to that
CSRF token that we saw earlier,
which is to say, cool,
you can be an inline script, but
you need to have this special
value in your script tag, or
I'm not loading you, right?
And you would inject it effectively,
the same way you would do that
CSRF token that we saw earlier.
It would be in the template.
We'll talk about the caveats in a second.
But it would theoretically be in
the template ready to rock and roll.
And if that inline script does not
have that nonce, which is again,
an unpredictable value.
And theoretically,
if you're just generating the entire page.
We'll talk about why you might not
choose to do it on every single request.
But you could.
And that way you're also get to
have your cake and eat it too.
And so, if you set that policy, nothing
is allowed, even up from your own site.
But you could say that I have
this idea of a nonce, and
scripts dynamically
added by these scripts.
So let's say you have a client-side app.
There's usually an entry point
in Webpack or Vite, right?
You're gonna say, load this thing.
And maybe Webpack or Vite is
the reason why you need to do this.
You're like, yo,
it's loading inline scripts.
That's how my body Bundler works, sorry.
You can say, cool, Amma,
the initial script is gonna have this
nonce to say, I know that is good, and
it's fine, and then scripts loaded
by that script can get it as well.
And this one,
the base-uri is to say those scripts
can't change the location that
resources are loaded from,
so they can't add new things at all,
right?
And blocked mixed content is saying,
No, HTTP, please,
because the moment you have one HTTP
thing, you don't have HTTPS anymore.
But I think the previous version of this
workshop was a whole thing about setting
up HTTPS certs, because it was seven years
ago these days between let's encrypt and
just literally any service that you use.
We host our apps on Ver sal you
just click a checkbox and HTTPS and
if you were at a big enough company,
have a legacy enough code
base that you can't do that,
then you did it already because
you have a team that did it.
Keeping everything HTTPS I think is key.
And then as long as it has whatever,
you do this the same way that you did
the CSRF token, as long as it has whatever
is in the header as the nonce should
be also what is in the actual tag,
and if those two things match,
the browser would load this thing.
If they don't match, it's not loading it.
So if someone injects something else,
they don't know that random value, and
you could do this on every single
request-response cycle, right?
That's a reason why you might not want to,
and I'll talk about it in a second, but
you could at that point,
someone can inject something,
they're not gonna know that value, and
they couldn't read the page because they
couldn't get that first
piece of JavaScript in.
Okay, so not so good, because it's just
like one small it doesn't even need to
be as long as a UU ID, honestly, it just
needs to be somewhat of a unique value.
The problem is, if this is in your HTML,
good luck to caching, right?
If it's supposed to be
a random value every time.
So you could choose to do it
on every build, but then you
have the idea that someone could scrape
that knot or something along those lines.
But it's better than nothing.
And again,
I told you not to use inline scripts.
So that first, as a backup, right,
you could choose to either
have some policies to trade
off between cache,
invalidation, and security.
Your unique use case is gonna
balance that differently.
But that's the problem with that one.
The other option you have
is to hash the contents,
which is saying, it's very similar.
You can see on that lower one,
this is called subresource
integrity in a lot of cases.
It's to say, load code.jQuery.com,
whatever version of jQuery that is.
If you hash that entire file,
it better have this SHA if someone changes
one byte of that remote loaded resource,
don't load it right?
Which is great, because it means
if somebody does get access to
code.jquery.com, and puts some malicious
code into jquery, well, it won't
pass that SHA anymore and yes, your jquery
won't load and your site will break.
But you will not have malicious code
running on your site because as soon
as you link out to a third party,
you hope that no one changes that code for
evil, right?
If they get broken into and you're running
that code now, you have a problem too.
With this, if one single
character of that code changed,
you would break but
you wouldn't necessarily have a problem,
now these are longer which means
more bites over the wire, so
it's a different performance concern.
And also if one character
changes then you're also broken.
That was a good thing, but it also
means that they changed their minifier,
you're broken.
Let's say you upgrade webpack and
you're using this for your own things,
you broke yourself, right?
But you do get caching and
you do get all those things.
So it's a set of trade-offs.
I would say that if you can pull out,
you can either host your own resources.
I understand the CDN argument
of everyone has the same jQuery.
I don't care.
>> Student: Well, they don't anymore
because browsers change their cache.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, browsers change
their cache, also, HTTP/2 is a thing.
You know what I mean?
I get it.
I don't get it.
You know what I mean?
Also, at least measure before you decide
that you need to use the CDN version of
jQuery, right?
I also have a role on my team that
I'd better be able to work on this
app on an airplane, [LAUGH] so
having to load third party resources
is not interesting to me to begin with.
I also build an open source project
that has to run in a locked down
firewall thing.
So I can't do this to begin with,
but for those who need it,
I did do this at a previous company.
So your choice.
>> Student: So do you have to
define it both in the CSP header?
>> Steve Kinney: It's matching those two.
>> Student: So what's the strategy for
competing that ahead of time?
Because it seems like-
>> Steve Kinney: I mean,
you can literally,
as long as that jQuery doesn't change,
you can literally have that hard
coded in the HTML of your app.
>> Student: Okay, so
it wouldn't be a dynamic?
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah,
it's not dynamic at all.
It's saying, I trust exclusively
a series of text that when I
run it through a sha256
algorithm gives me that hash.
If a single character of jQuery changes,
it will no longer compute to that, right,
which the browser is gonna
check before it executes.
So you can literally just hard code that,
which means you can do
caching on your own page.
But again the jQuery minified for,
whatever,
three point is not gonna change, right?
I never had a break on me
when I used to use it.
I don't use it anymore because I can't for
different constraints.
But it could break, and
not for a security reason.
At least with the nonce,
it was probably a security reason, right?
Cool?
Use it if you don't have under,
but the hashes can get big.
Anyone changes the file, right?
It can be problematic.
Cool?
All right, so
we're gonna hit the major ones.
We're gonna look at a few more
preventable, but kind of nefarious
ways of figuring out how to get
stuff we don't want to have happen.